Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now we've just seen how to store a single class in a module but inside a module we can store as many
classes as we need.
Although each class in a module should ideally be related to each other in some way.
So on my right hand side I have a new module.
Here it is here and I just need to change the comments at the top.
I'm going to call that storing multiple modules.
So what I don't as you can see is I've imported the full e-reader program.
So we have class Kindle Fire class screen and class e-reader.
They're all there to treat class that we've created over the last few lectures.
And as you can see down the bottom there's nothing out so I've removed all new instances or print statements
anything like that.
All I have at the core classes so I've done that.
OK so over on the left hand side here we have my reader Doppie y.
So an empty program.
Let's look about bring in a couple of classes from a right hand side program or from our module I should
say.
So how do we do to where we say from Lechter underscore '99 import Kindle Fire.
OK so we're going to import the class.
Kindle Fire which inherits from e-reader.
Now what we need to do what we need save my Kindle Fire equals Kindle Fire and then we put in our details.
Amazon is the manufacturer
and we go it's a Kindle Fire.
Don't forget your opening closing quote Kindle Fire.
It has a color screen
it has a 12 hour battery life
and then its screen is 12:18 by a hundred resolution.
So let's go.
Let's put that in there as well.
And what we do next.
Well we simply say print my Kindle Fire dot guess underscore e-reader name brackets Rhondda us and there
we go.
Amazon Kindle Fire color screen 12 hour battery life.
Twelve hundred thirty eight by eight on the screen type.
So what else can we do.
Well as we've seen we have over here is world class green and in it we have a method called describe
screen.
So let's see what we can do with that.
Well we can say print my Kindle Fire dot fire screen
thus described screen
and let's see what that gives us.
There we go it gives us more information on our screen far hates the 8 features a wide screen.
Twelve hundred twelve eighty by 800 hates the screen and that is Polin because over here in our class
Kindle Fire we have fire screen equals screen on our class here screen has the method described screen.
So I hope that makes sense.
As you can see here we could create separate files for a normal Kindle Fire a Kindle Fire.
We could go on and create other classes or methods that describe our candidates and their features.
I hope all that made sense.
Thanks for listening and I'll see you in the next lecture.